Now a days, many businesses depend on fast and reliable delivery management services. In a Delivery management system, there are some roles like seller, customer, admin, carrier and employee etc. Sellers need an easy way to send products to customers, customers want to track on there shipment, employees must have to verify the payments and assign carriers into the individual shipment, carriers need to update delivery status. When they do the tasks manually, a lot of mistakes can happen-such as wrong tracking updates by the carriers, lost of shipment information, or miss match in assigning carriers, lost of documentation of the shipments. 

If we want solve these problems, the Delivery Management System software was created. It takes all the parts of the delivery process into one Desktop based application so every user can do their own work easily. The employee can add ,update and delete any shipment , carrier and routes, update and check his information and also check payment status. The sellers can create shipments easily, create new account and also delete account. .The carriers can see his appointed shipment, can update tracking information and customers can see the delivery status. Admin is the main role of this project he can Update, Delete, Create simultaneously all the role and he also effect the shipment by changing information if found any wrong. 

After getting all information in a database and providing each user with a different dashboard, the system prevent errors, saves time, and keeps data organized. This makes delivery faster, clearer, and more reliable for the users. # Software-Eng
